rm -rf *.o
rm -rf lap
mpicc -o lap lapFusion01.c -lmpi -lm
lap(): setting initial conditions
lap(): process 5 , init bucle
lap(): process 6 , init bucle
lap(): process 7 , init bucle
lap(): process 1 , init bucle
lap(): process 2 , init bucle
lap(): process 3 , init bucle
lap(): process 10 , init bucle
lap(): process 4 , init bucle
lap(): process 8 , init bucle
lap(): process 9 , init bucle
Jacobi relaxation Calculation: 720 x 720 mesh, maximum of 100 iterations
lap(): process 0 , init bucle
lap(): process 11 , init bucle
lap(): process 24 , init bucle
lap(): process 12 , init bucle
lap(): process 25 , init bucle
lap(): process 28 , init bucle
lap(): process 13 , init bucle
lap(): process 26 , init bucle
lap(): process 15 , init bucle
lap(): process 27 , init bucle
lap(): process 33 , init bucle
lap(): process 34 , init bucle
lap(): process 16 , init bucle
lap(): process 35 , init bucle
lap(): process 22 , init bucle
lap(): process 30 , init bucle
lap(): process 14 , init bucle
lap(): process 31 , init bucle
lap(): process 17 , init bucle
lap(): process 29 , init bucle
lap(): process 19 , init bucle
lap(): process 23 , init bucle
lap(): process 20 , init bucle
lap(): process 21 , init bucle
lap(): process 18 , init bucle
lap(): process 32 , init bucle
# Total Iterations:   100, ERROR: 0.049196, 
lap(): setting initial conditions
Jacobi relaxation Calculation: 1440 x 1440 mesh, maximum of 100 iterations
lap(): process 0 , init bucle
lap(): process 7 , init bucle
lap(): process 10 , init bucle
lap(): process 1 , init bucle
lap(): process 2 , init bucle
lap(): process 3 , init bucle
lap(): process 5 , init bucle
lap(): process 6 , init bucle
lap(): process 9 , init bucle
lap(): process 11 , init bucle
lap(): process 8 , init bucle
lap(): process 25 , init bucle
lap(): process 17 , init bucle
lap(): process 27 , init bucle
lap(): process 28 , init bucle
lap(): process 29 , init bucle
lap(): process 33 , init bucle
lap(): process 24 , init bucle
lap(): process 26 , init bucle
lap(): process 32 , init bucle
lap(): process 12 , init bucle
lap(): process 35 , init bucle
lap(): process 14 , init bucle
lap(): process 31 , init bucle
lap(): process 16 , init bucle
lap(): process 34 , init bucle
lap(): process 21 , init bucle
lap(): process 13 , init bucle
lap(): process 15 , init bucle
lap(): process 19 , init bucle
lap(): process 20 , init bucle
lap(): process 22 , init bucle
lap(): process 23 , init bucle
lap(): process 18 , init bucle
lap(): process 4 , init bucle
lap(): process 30 , init bucle
# Total Iterations:   100, ERROR: 0.049205, 
lap(): setting initial conditions
lap(): process 2 , init bucle
Jacobi relaxation Calculation: 2880 x 2880 mesh, maximum of 100 iterations
lap(): process 1 , init bucle
lap(): process 5 , init bucle
lap(): process 3 , init bucle
lap(): process 7 , init bucle
lap(): process 9 , init bucle
lap(): process 10 , init bucle
lap(): process 6 , init bucle
lap(): process 11 , init bucle
lap(): process 4 , init bucle
lap(): process 0 , init bucle
lap(): process 31 , init bucle
lap(): process 25 , init bucle
lap(): process 15 , init bucle
lap(): process 26 , init bucle
lap(): process 28 , init bucle
lap(): process 29 , init bucle
lap(): process 12 , init bucle
lap(): process 27 , init bucle
lap(): process 14 , init bucle
lap(): process 33 , init bucle
lap(): process 16 , init bucle
lap(): process 35 , init bucle
lap(): process 17 , init bucle
lap(): process 24 , init bucle
lap(): process 18 , init bucle
lap(): process 32 , init bucle
lap(): process 20 , init bucle
lap(): process 8 , init bucle
lap(): process 34 , init bucle
lap(): process 13 , init bucle
lap(): process 19 , init bucle
lap(): process 21 , init bucle
lap(): process 23 , init bucle
lap(): process 30 , init bucle
lap(): process 22 , init bucle
# Total Iterations:   100, ERROR: 0.049207, 
lap(): setting initial conditions
Jacobi relaxation Calculation: 5760 x 5760 mesh, maximum of 100 iterations
lap(): process 5 , init bucle
lap(): process 11 , init bucle
lap(): process 0 , init bucle
lap(): process 6 , init bucle
lap(): process 4 , init bucle
lap(): process 3 , init bucle
lap(): process 7 , init bucle
lap(): process 2 , init bucle
lap(): process 9 , init bucle
lap(): process 33 , init bucle
lap(): process 31 , init bucle
lap(): process 25 , init bucle
lap(): process 10 , init bucle
lap(): process 27 , init bucle
lap(): process 29 , init bucle
lap(): process 35 , init bucle
lap(): process 1 , init bucle
lap(): process 30 , init bucle
lap(): process 32 , init bucle
lap(): process 13 , init bucle
lap(): process 17 , init bucle
lap(): process 26 , init bucle
lap(): process 19 , init bucle
lap(): process 16 , init bucle
lap(): process 15 , init bucle
lap(): process 28 , init bucle
lap(): process 21 , init bucle
lap(): process 34 , init bucle
lap(): process 23 , init bucle
lap(): process 8 , init bucle
lap(): process 24 , init bucle
lap(): process 20 , init bucle
lap(): process 18 , init bucle
lap(): process 14 , init bucle
lap(): process 12 , init bucle
lap(): process 22 , init bucle
# Total Iterations:   100, ERROR: 0.049208, 
lap(): setting initial conditions
lap(): process 5 , init bucle
lap(): process 6 , init bucle
Jacobi relaxation Calculation: 1200 x 1200 mesh, maximum of 100 iterations
lap(): process 0 , init bucle
lap(): process 7 , init bucle
lap(): process 2 , init bucle
lap(): process 3 , init bucle
lap(): process 1 , init bucle
lap(): process 4 , init bucle
lap(): process 8 , init bucle
lap(): process 9 , init bucle
lap(): process 11 , init bucle
lap(): process 10 , init bucle
lap(): process 36 , init bucle
lap(): process 29 , init bucle
lap(): process 38 , init bucle
lap(): process 24 , init bucle
lap(): process 48 , init bucle
lap(): process 27 , init bucle
lap(): process 37 , init bucle
lap(): process 26 , init bucle
lap(): process 39 , init bucle
lap(): process 28 , init bucle
lap(): process 46 , init bucle
lap(): process 18 , init bucle
lap(): process 31 , init bucle
lap(): process 49 , init bucle
lap(): process 40 , init bucle
lap(): process 35 , init bucle
lap(): process 50 , init bucle
lap(): process 41 , init bucle
lap(): process 32 , init bucle
lap(): process 52 , init bucle
lap(): process 43 , init bucle
lap(): process 12 , init bucle
lap(): process 33 , init bucle
lap(): process 51 , init bucle
lap(): process 44 , init bucle
lap(): process 13 , init bucle
lap(): process 34 , init bucle
lap(): process 53 , init bucle
lap(): process 42 , init bucle
lap(): process 15 , init bucle
lap(): process 25 , init bucle
lap(): process 55 , init bucle
lap(): process 16 , init bucle
lap(): process 30 , init bucle
lap(): process 56 , init bucle
lap(): process 19 , init bucle
lap(): process 57 , init bucle
lap(): process 20 , init bucle
lap(): process 59 , init bucle
lap(): process 21 , init bucle
lap(): process 54 , init bucle
lap(): process 17 , init bucle
lap(): process 58 , init bucle
lap(): process 14 , init bucle
lap(): process 22 , init bucle
lap(): process 23 , init bucle
lap(): process 47 , init bucle
lap(): process 45 , init bucle
# Total Iterations:   100, ERROR: 0.049204, 
lap(): setting initial conditions
lap(): process 2 , init bucle
lap(): process 3 , init bucle
lap(): process 4 , init bucle
lap(): process 5 , init bucle
lap(): process 7 , init bucle
lap(): process 1 , init bucle
lap(): process 6 , init bucle
lap(): process 8 , init bucle
lap(): process 10 , init bucle
lap(): process 11 , init bucle
lap(): process 9 , init bucle
Jacobi relaxation Calculation: 2400 x 2400 mesh, maximum of 100 iterations
lap(): process 25 , init bucle
lap(): process 15 , init bucle
lap(): process 0 , init bucle
lap(): process 26 , init bucle
lap(): process 27 , init bucle
lap(): process 31 , init bucle
lap(): process 33 , init bucle
lap(): process 45 , init bucle
lap(): process 35 , init bucle
lap(): process 19 , init bucle
lap(): process 28 , init bucle
lap(): process 23 , init bucle
lap(): process 32 , init bucle
lap(): process 49 , init bucle
lap(): process 36 , init bucle
lap(): process 13 , init bucle
lap(): process 34 , init bucle
lap(): process 37 , init bucle
lap(): process 16 , init bucle
lap(): process 24 , init bucle
lap(): process 51 , init bucle
lap(): process 39 , init bucle
lap(): process 12 , init bucle
lap(): process 30 , init bucle
lap(): process 50 , init bucle
lap(): process 40 , init bucle
lap(): process 14 , init bucle
lap(): process 53 , init bucle
lap(): process 43 , init bucle
lap(): process 22 , init bucle
lap(): process 56 , init bucle
lap(): process 47 , init bucle
lap(): process 17 , init bucle
lap(): process 58 , init bucle
lap(): process 42 , init bucle
lap(): process 20 , init bucle
lap(): process 59 , init bucle
lap(): process 46 , init bucle
lap(): process 18 , init bucle
lap(): process 48 , init bucle
lap(): process 44 , init bucle
lap(): process 54 , init bucle
lap(): process 38 , init bucle
lap(): process 55 , init bucle
lap(): process 57 , init bucle
lap(): process 52 , init bucle
lap(): process 21 , init bucle
lap(): process 29 , init bucle
lap(): process 41 , init bucle
# Total Iterations:   100, ERROR: 0.049207, 
lap(): setting initial conditions
lap(): process 6 , init bucle
lap(): process 7 , init bucle
lap(): process 1 , init bucle
lap(): process 2 , init bucle
lap(): process 4 , init bucle
lap(): process 5 , init bucle
lap(): process 8 , init bucle
lap(): process 9 , init bucle
lap(): process 3 , init bucle
lap(): process 11 , init bucle
Jacobi relaxation Calculation: 4800 x 4800 mesh, maximum of 100 iterations
lap(): process 0 , init bucle
lap(): process 10 , init bucle
lap(): process 47 , init bucle
lap(): process 39 , init bucle
lap(): process 41 , init bucle
lap(): process 57 , init bucle
lap(): process 43 , init bucle
lap(): process 25 , init bucle
lap(): process 27 , init bucle
lap(): process 49 , init bucle
lap(): process 29 , init bucle
lap(): process 51 , init bucle
lap(): process 12 , init bucle
lap(): process 37 , init bucle
lap(): process 31 , init bucle
lap(): process 52 , init bucle
lap(): process 38 , init bucle
lap(): process 33 , init bucle
lap(): process 53 , init bucle
lap(): process 13 , init bucle
lap(): process 42 , init bucle
lap(): process 35 , init bucle
lap(): process 54 , init bucle
lap(): process 14 , init bucle
lap(): process 44 , init bucle
lap(): process 26 , init bucle
lap(): process 55 , init bucle
lap(): process 15 , init bucle
lap(): process 46 , init bucle
lap(): process 28 , init bucle
lap(): process 56 , init bucle
lap(): process 17 , init bucle
lap(): process 36 , init bucle
lap(): process 30 , init bucle
lap(): process 58 , init bucle
lap(): process 19 , init bucle
lap(): process 40 , init bucle
lap(): process 32 , init bucle
lap(): process 48 , init bucle
lap(): process 23 , init bucle
lap(): process 34 , init bucle
lap(): process 50 , init bucle
lap(): process 16 , init bucle
lap(): process 24 , init bucle
lap(): process 59 , init bucle
lap(): process 18 , init bucle
lap(): process 20 , init bucle
lap(): process 21 , init bucle
lap(): process 22 , init bucle
lap(): process 45 , init bucle
# Total Iterations:   100, ERROR: 0.049208, 
lap(): setting initial conditions
lap(): process 2 , init bucle
Jacobi relaxation Calculation: 9600 x 9600 mesh, maximum of 100 iterations
lap(): process 8 , init bucle
lap(): process 4 , init bucle
lap(): process 0 , init bucle
lap(): process 38 , init bucle
lap(): process 42 , init bucle
lap(): process 44 , init bucle
lap(): process 36 , init bucle
lap(): process 9 , init bucle
lap(): process 6 , init bucle
lap(): process 5 , init bucle
lap(): process 1 , init bucle
lap(): process 3 , init bucle
lap(): process 7 , init bucle
lap(): process 11 , init bucle
lap(): process 29 , init bucle
lap(): process 51 , init bucle
lap(): process 31 , init bucle
lap(): process 17 , init bucle
lap(): process 49 , init bucle
lap(): process 27 , init bucle
lap(): process 39 , init bucle
lap(): process 53 , init bucle
lap(): process 30 , init bucle
lap(): process 47 , init bucle
lap(): process 55 , init bucle
lap(): process 25 , init bucle
lap(): process 59 , init bucle
lap(): process 33 , init bucle
lap(): process 13 , init bucle
lap(): process 54 , init bucle
lap(): process 35 , init bucle
lap(): process 15 , init bucle
lap(): process 57 , init bucle
lap(): process 19 , init bucle
lap(): process 21 , init bucle
lap(): process 23 , init bucle
lap(): process 18 , init bucle
lap(): process 24 , init bucle
lap(): process 58 , init bucle
lap(): process 48 , init bucle
lap(): process 12 , init bucle
lap(): process 52 , init bucle
lap(): process 16 , init bucle
lap(): process 34 , init bucle
lap(): process 20 , init bucle
lap(): process 22 , init bucle
lap(): process 26 , init bucle
lap(): process 32 , init bucle
lap(): process 56 , init bucle
lap(): process 41 , init bucle
lap(): process 45 , init bucle
lap(): process 37 , init bucle
lap(): process 43 , init bucle
lap(): process 50 , init bucle
lap(): process 14 , init bucle
lap(): process 28 , init bucle
lap(): process 10 , init bucle
lap(): process 46 , init bucle
lap(): process 40 , init bucle
# Total Iterations:   100, ERROR: 0.049208, 
rm -rf *.o
rm -rf lap
mpicc -o lap lapFusion02.c -lmpi -lm
lap(): setting initial conditions
Jacobi relaxation Calculation: 720 x 720 mesh, maximum of 100 iterations
lap(): process 0 , init bucle
lap(): process 1 , init bucle
lap(): process 2 , init bucle
lap(): process 5 , init bucle
lap(): process 4 , init bucle
lap(): process 3 , init bucle
lap(): process 6 , init bucle
lap(): process 9 , init bucle
lap(): process 11 , init bucle
lap(): process 8 , init bucle
lap(): process 7 , init bucle
lap(): process 14 , init bucle
lap(): process 24 , init bucle
lap(): process 12 , init bucle
lap(): process 13 , init bucle
lap(): process 15 , init bucle
lap(): process 25 , init bucle
lap(): process 18 , init bucle
lap(): process 27 , init bucle
lap(): process 17 , init bucle
lap(): process 30 , init bucle
lap(): process 23 , init bucle
lap(): process 31 , init bucle
lap(): process 19 , init bucle
lap(): process 26 , init bucle
lap(): process 22 , init bucle
lap(): process 28 , init bucle
lap(): process 20 , init bucle
lap(): process 29 , init bucle
lap(): process 21 , init bucle
lap(): process 32 , init bucle
lap(): process 16 , init bucle
lap(): process 33 , init bucle
lap(): process 34 , init bucle
lap(): process 35 , init bucle
lap(): process 10 , init bucle
# Total Iterations:   100, ERROR: 0.040789, 
lap(): setting initial conditions
lap(): process 2 , init bucle
lap(): process 5 , init bucle
lap(): process 7 , init bucle
lap(): process 1 , init bucle
lap(): process 3 , init bucle
lap(): process 6 , init bucle
lap(): process 10 , init bucle
lap(): process 4 , init bucle
Jacobi relaxation Calculation: 1440 x 1440 mesh, maximum of 100 iterations
lap(): process 8 , init bucle
lap(): process 0 , init bucle
lap(): process 13 , init bucle
lap(): process 14 , init bucle
lap(): process 12 , init bucle
lap(): process 30 , init bucle
lap(): process 19 , init bucle
lap(): process 25 , init bucle
lap(): process 26 , init bucle
lap(): process 31 , init bucle
lap(): process 27 , init bucle
lap(): process 21 , init bucle
lap(): process 28 , init bucle
lap(): process 23 , init bucle
lap(): process 29 , init bucle
lap(): process 15 , init bucle
lap(): process 32 , init bucle
lap(): process 22 , init bucle
lap(): process 35 , init bucle
lap(): process 20 , init bucle
lap(): process 33 , init bucle
lap(): process 16 , init bucle
lap(): process 34 , init bucle
lap(): process 18 , init bucle
lap(): process 24 , init bucle
lap(): process 9 , init bucle
lap(): process 11 , init bucle
lap(): process 17 , init bucle
# Total Iterations:   100, ERROR: 0.048963, 
lap(): setting initial conditions
lap(): process 3 , init bucle
lap(): process 5 , init bucle
lap(): process 8 , init bucle
lap(): process 9 , init bucle
lap(): process 2 , init bucle
lap(): process 7 , init bucle
lap(): process 11 , init bucle
lap(): process 1 , init bucle
lap(): process 4 , init bucle
lap(): process 10 , init bucle
lap(): process 6 , init bucle
lap(): process 13 , init bucle
lap(): process 25 , init bucle
Jacobi relaxation Calculation: 2880 x 2880 mesh, maximum of 100 iterations
lap(): process 0 , init bucle
lap(): process 12 , init bucle
lap(): process 14 , init bucle
lap(): process 19 , init bucle
lap(): process 20 , init bucle
lap(): process 15 , init bucle
lap(): process 29 , init bucle
lap(): process 16 , init bucle
lap(): process 31 , init bucle
lap(): process 17 , init bucle
lap(): process 35 , init bucle
lap(): process 21 , init bucle
lap(): process 24 , init bucle
lap(): process 23 , init bucle
lap(): process 26 , init bucle
lap(): process 18 , init bucle
lap(): process 27 , init bucle
lap(): process 22 , init bucle
lap(): process 28 , init bucle
lap(): process 30 , init bucle
lap(): process 33 , init bucle
lap(): process 32 , init bucle
lap(): process 34 , init bucle
# Total Iterations:   100, ERROR: 0.049194, 
lap(): setting initial conditions
lap(): process 30 , init bucle
lap(): process 24 , init bucle
Jacobi relaxation Calculation: 5760 x 5760 mesh, maximum of 100 iterations
lap(): process 0 , init bucle
lap(): process 26 , init bucle
lap(): process 6 , init bucle
lap(): process 4 , init bucle
lap(): process 3 , init bucle
lap(): process 10 , init bucle
lap(): process 28 , init bucle
lap(): process 2 , init bucle
lap(): process 25 , init bucle
lap(): process 5 , init bucle
lap(): process 9 , init bucle
lap(): process 14 , init bucle
lap(): process 15 , init bucle
lap(): process 1 , init bucle
lap(): process 12 , init bucle
lap(): process 27 , init bucle
lap(): process 7 , init bucle
lap(): process 13 , init bucle
lap(): process 29 , init bucle
lap(): process 16 , init bucle
lap(): process 31 , init bucle
lap(): process 33 , init bucle
lap(): process 35 , init bucle
lap(): process 17 , init bucle
lap(): process 22 , init bucle
lap(): process 11 , init bucle
lap(): process 32 , init bucle
lap(): process 19 , init bucle
lap(): process 21 , init bucle
lap(): process 23 , init bucle
lap(): process 18 , init bucle
lap(): process 20 , init bucle
lap(): process 8 , init bucle
lap(): process 34 , init bucle
# Total Iterations:   100, ERROR: 0.049204, 
lap(): setting initial conditions
lap(): process 2 , init bucle
lap(): process 7 , init bucle
lap(): process 1 , init bucle
lap(): process 10 , init bucle
lap(): process 4 , init bucle
lap(): process 5 , init bucle
lap(): process 6 , init bucle
lap(): process 8 , init bucle
lap(): process 9 , init bucle
lap(): process 3 , init bucle
lap(): process 11 , init bucle
Jacobi relaxation Calculation: 1200 x 1200 mesh, maximum of 100 iterations
lap(): process 0 , init bucle
lap(): process 25 , init bucle
lap(): process 50 , init bucle
lap(): process 44 , init bucle
lap(): process 12 , init bucle
lap(): process 26 , init bucle
lap(): process 27 , init bucle
lap(): process 29 , init bucle
lap(): process 34 , init bucle
lap(): process 31 , init bucle
lap(): process 51 , init bucle
lap(): process 36 , init bucle
lap(): process 13 , init bucle
lap(): process 35 , init bucle
lap(): process 52 , init bucle
lap(): process 37 , init bucle
lap(): process 14 , init bucle
lap(): process 33 , init bucle
lap(): process 53 , init bucle
lap(): process 38 , init bucle
lap(): process 15 , init bucle
lap(): process 28 , init bucle
lap(): process 59 , init bucle
lap(): process 39 , init bucle
lap(): process 18 , init bucle
lap(): process 30 , init bucle
lap(): process 48 , init bucle
lap(): process 41 , init bucle
lap(): process 19 , init bucle
lap(): process 32 , init bucle
lap(): process 49 , init bucle
lap(): process 42 , init bucle
lap(): process 23 , init bucle
lap(): process 24 , init bucle
lap(): process 54 , init bucle
lap(): process 43 , init bucle
lap(): process 17 , init bucle
lap(): process 58 , init bucle
lap(): process 45 , init bucle
lap(): process 22 , init bucle
lap(): process 55 , init bucle
lap(): process 40 , init bucle
lap(): process 16 , init bucle
lap(): process 57 , init bucle
lap(): process 46 , init bucle
lap(): process 21 , init bucle
lap(): process 56 , init bucle
lap(): process 20 , init bucle
lap(): process 47 , init bucle
# Total Iterations:   100, ERROR: 0.040802, 
lap(): setting initial conditions
lap(): process 3 , init bucle
lap(): process 1 , init bucle
lap(): process 10 , init bucle
lap(): process 2 , init bucle
lap(): process 4 , init bucle
lap(): process 7 , init bucle
lap(): process 9 , init bucle
Jacobi relaxation Calculation: 2400 x 2400 mesh, maximum of 100 iterations
lap(): process 0 , init bucle
lap(): process 5 , init bucle
lap(): process 6 , init bucle
lap(): process 11 , init bucle
lap(): process 27 , init bucle
lap(): process 25 , init bucle
lap(): process 8 , init bucle
lap(): process 47 , init bucle
lap(): process 15 , init bucle
lap(): process 37 , init bucle
lap(): process 30 , init bucle
lap(): process 41 , init bucle
lap(): process 38 , init bucle
lap(): process 12 , init bucle
lap(): process 39 , init bucle
lap(): process 17 , init bucle
lap(): process 31 , init bucle
lap(): process 43 , init bucle
lap(): process 19 , init bucle
lap(): process 33 , init bucle
lap(): process 54 , init bucle
lap(): process 44 , init bucle
lap(): process 14 , init bucle
lap(): process 26 , init bucle
lap(): process 56 , init bucle
lap(): process 46 , init bucle
lap(): process 13 , init bucle
lap(): process 28 , init bucle
lap(): process 48 , init bucle
lap(): process 40 , init bucle
lap(): process 21 , init bucle
lap(): process 29 , init bucle
lap(): process 49 , init bucle
lap(): process 42 , init bucle
lap(): process 23 , init bucle
lap(): process 32 , init bucle
lap(): process 50 , init bucle
lap(): process 36 , init bucle
lap(): process 16 , init bucle
lap(): process 24 , init bucle
lap(): process 51 , init bucle
lap(): process 18 , init bucle
lap(): process 34 , init bucle
lap(): process 53 , init bucle
lap(): process 20 , init bucle
lap(): process 55 , init bucle
lap(): process 22 , init bucle
lap(): process 59 , init bucle
lap(): process 57 , init bucle
lap(): process 58 , init bucle
lap(): process 52 , init bucle
lap(): process 35 , init bucle
lap(): process 45 , init bucle
# Total Iterations:   100, ERROR: 0.048979, 
lap(): setting initial conditions
lap(): process 3 , init bucle
lap(): process 5 , init bucle
Jacobi relaxation Calculation: 4800 x 4800 mesh, maximum of 100 iterations
lap(): process 0 , init bucle
lap(): process 1 , init bucle
lap(): process 4 , init bucle
lap(): process 6 , init bucle
lap(): process 7 , init bucle
lap(): process 9 , init bucle
lap(): process 11 , init bucle
lap(): process 2 , init bucle
lap(): process 10 , init bucle
lap(): process 8 , init bucle
lap(): process 29 , init bucle
lap(): process 45 , init bucle
lap(): process 35 , init bucle
lap(): process 53 , init bucle
lap(): process 27 , init bucle
lap(): process 55 , init bucle
lap(): process 37 , init bucle
lap(): process 31 , init bucle
lap(): process 49 , init bucle
lap(): process 39 , init bucle
lap(): process 24 , init bucle
lap(): process 51 , init bucle
lap(): process 41 , init bucle
lap(): process 25 , init bucle
lap(): process 52 , init bucle
lap(): process 43 , init bucle
lap(): process 26 , init bucle
lap(): process 57 , init bucle
lap(): process 13 , init bucle
lap(): process 40 , init bucle
lap(): process 30 , init bucle
lap(): process 48 , init bucle
lap(): process 36 , init bucle
lap(): process 32 , init bucle
lap(): process 50 , init bucle
lap(): process 15 , init bucle
lap(): process 42 , init bucle
lap(): process 34 , init bucle
lap(): process 54 , init bucle
lap(): process 21 , init bucle
lap(): process 46 , init bucle
lap(): process 28 , init bucle
lap(): process 58 , init bucle
lap(): process 12 , init bucle
lap(): process 44 , init bucle
lap(): process 56 , init bucle
lap(): process 14 , init bucle
lap(): process 38 , init bucle
lap(): process 16 , init bucle
lap(): process 33 , init bucle
lap(): process 17 , init bucle
lap(): process 18 , init bucle
lap(): process 19 , init bucle
lap(): process 20 , init bucle
lap(): process 22 , init bucle
lap(): process 23 , init bucle
lap(): process 59 , init bucle
lap(): process 47 , init bucle
# Total Iterations:   100, ERROR: 0.049202, 
lap(): setting initial conditions
lap(): process 19 , init bucle
lap(): process 17 , init bucle
lap(): process 13 , init bucle
lap(): process 21 , init bucle
lap(): process 15 , init bucle
lap(): process 25 , init bucle
lap(): process 47 , init bucle
lap(): process 41 , init bucle
lap(): process 37 , init bucle
lap(): process 39 , init bucle
lap(): process 3 , init bucle
lap(): process 27 , init bucle
lap(): process 29 , init bucle
lap(): process 33 , init bucle
lap(): process 31 , init bucle
lap(): process 54 , init bucle
Jacobi relaxation Calculation: 9600 x 9600 mesh, maximum of 100 iterations
lap(): process 51 , init bucle
lap(): process 56 , init bucle
lap(): process 35 , init bucle
lap(): process 1 , init bucle
lap(): process 0 , init bucle
lap(): process 28 , init bucle
lap(): process 14 , init bucle
lap(): process 52 , init bucle
lap(): process 8 , init bucle
lap(): process 6 , init bucle
lap(): process 5 , init bucle
lap(): process 46 , init bucle
lap(): process 7 , init bucle
lap(): process 11 , init bucle
lap(): process 22 , init bucle
lap(): process 48 , init bucle
lap(): process 9 , init bucle
lap(): process 38 , init bucle
lap(): process 16 , init bucle
lap(): process 49 , init bucle
lap(): process 32 , init bucle
lap(): process 53 , init bucle
lap(): process 40 , init bucle
lap(): process 20 , init bucle
lap(): process 55 , init bucle
lap(): process 44 , init bucle
lap(): process 12 , init bucle
lap(): process 57 , init bucle
lap(): process 36 , init bucle
lap(): process 59 , init bucle
lap(): process 26 , init bucle
lap(): process 58 , init bucle
lap(): process 50 , init bucle
lap(): process 2 , init bucle
lap(): process 30 , init bucle
lap(): process 34 , init bucle
lap(): process 24 , init bucle
lap(): process 4 , init bucle
lap(): process 10 , init bucle
lap(): process 18 , init bucle
lap(): process 42 , init bucle
lap(): process 23 , init bucle
lap(): process 43 , init bucle
lap(): process 45 , init bucle
# Total Iterations:   100, ERROR: 0.049206, 
