rm -rf *.o
rm -rf lap
mpicc -o lap -g -Wall lapFusion03.c -fopenmp -lmpi -lm
lap(): setting initial conditions
Jacobi relaxation Calculation: 1200 x 1200 mesh, maximum of 100 iterations
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 10 init bucle
# Total Iterations:   100, ERROR: 0.051875, ITER_MAX: 100
lap(): setting initial conditions
Jacobi relaxation Calculation: 2400 x 2400 mesh, maximum of 100 iterations
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 0 init bucle
# Total Iterations:   100, ERROR: 0.049953, ITER_MAX: 100
lap(): setting initial conditions
Jacobi relaxation Calculation: 4800 x 4800 mesh, maximum of 100 iterations
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 0 init bucle
# Total Iterations:   100, ERROR: 0.056544, ITER_MAX: 100
lap(): setting initial conditions
Jacobi relaxation Calculation: 9600 x 9600 mesh, maximum of 100 iterations
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 0 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 7 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 5 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 2 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 6 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 6 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 3 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 4 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 8 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 1 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 5 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 3 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 7 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 1 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 8 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 4 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 9 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 0 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 10 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 2 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 11 init bucle
lap(): rank : 9 thread : 6 init bucle
# Total Iterations:   100, ERROR: 0.049237, ITER_MAX: 100
